README.md, before:

<!--
 Copyright 2017 Sony Corporation.

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->

# NNabla C Runtime

This is a runtime library for inference Neural Network created by [Neural Network Libraries](https://github.com/sony/nnabla).


[Neural Network Libraries](https://github.com/sony/nnabla) and [Neural Network Console](https://dl.sony.com) can output DNN training result as [NNP](https://nnabla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html) file.

[File Format Converter](https://nnabla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/file_format_converter/file_format_converter.html) can convert NNP file into `NNB` file interpreted by [Runtime](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/runtime) or `C Source Code` to call [Functions](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/runtime).

This library has the following features.

- It is almost **independent from external libraries** and is written in **Pure C** (C99).
  - *almost* mean it depends C standard math library.
- It has been developed with priority over **readability** rather than performance, making it ideal for learning and porting.
- It adopts an **extensible architecture**, and you can use the function you implemented yourself as necessary for applications that need performance.
- Provides [CLI utility](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/nnablart) that can infer NNB file and dump NNB to confirm network I/O or function list.

## Relative documents

- [Usage](doc/USAGE.md)
- [Build](doc/BUILD.md)
- [File Format](doc/FILE_FORMAT.md)

Commit message:

update readme for maintenance phase

README.md, after:

<!--
 Copyright 2017 Sony Corporation.

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->

***Notice: nnabla is under maintenance phase and we will not be actively developing.***

----

# NNabla C Runtime

This is a runtime library for inference Neural Network created by [Neural Network Libraries](https://github.com/sony/nnabla).


[Neural Network Libraries](https://github.com/sony/nnabla) and [Neural Network Console](https://dl.sony.com) can output DNN training result as [NNP](https://nnabla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html) file.

[File Format Converter](https://nnabla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/file_format_converter/file_format_converter.html) can convert NNP file into `NNB` file interpreted by [Runtime](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/runtime) or `C Source Code` to call [Functions](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/runtime).

This library has the following features.

- It is almost **independent from external libraries** and is written in **Pure C** (C99).
  - *almost* mean it depends C standard math library.
- It has been developed with priority over **readability** rather than performance, making it ideal for learning and porting.
- It adopts an **extensible architecture**, and you can use the function you implemented yourself as necessary for applications that need performance.
- Provides [CLI utility](https://github.com/sony/nnabla-c-runtime/tree/master/src/nnablart) that can infer NNB file and dump NNB to confirm network I/O or function list.

## Relative documents

- [Usage](doc/USAGE.md)
- [Build](doc/BUILD.md)
- [File Format](doc/FILE_FORMAT.md)
